SEO fixes for duplicate title tags and meta descriptions (#2725)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/pulumi-challenge-september/index.md

date: 2022-09-30T9:24:50-07:00

> meta_desc: The Pulumi Challenge continues! Take this month’s challenge and win another unique piece of swag!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Take the Pulumi Challenge - use a template to build a serverless application with AWS API Gateway and Lambda in less than 5 mins.
```
